The aim of this report is to describe the web-app and explain how it works and how are 
architected.

INTRODUCTION

The web-app is an online catalogue of mobile phones. There are four main screens. Home, 
Brands, Suggestions and Websites. 
In the first one, Home, it is just a title page with a picture. The second one, Brands, 
is a screen that shows all the brands available in the catalogue, so you can click in 
one and you will see the phones of that brand. 
The third one, Suggestions, where you can see two selection of phones ones with good battery
and others with good camera.
The last one, is Websites, just a list of the different brands to click and visit the brand
webpage.

DESIGN

The web-app is ubicated at src/catalogue. Inside this folder, we can see the python flask file 
-webapp.py- which the one you need to execute to run the webapp. There are too other folders like /static,
where there are two more folders which are /css where are all the css files and /img where are all
 the images stored. Inside /catalogue we have too /templates where are stored all the html templates.
The templates bq.html, iphone.html, nokia.html, xiaomi.html, lg.html, samsung.html, sony.html
and motorola.html are the templates used to show the phones of the brand. home.html is the home screen, 
links.html is for the screen of websites, suggestions.html for the screen of suggestions and brands.html
for show the brands pictures to select it.

Enhancements

There is some features I would have liked to  add but I had no time. For example, when you click on a 
suggestion mobile you are redirected to the brand mobile, but it would be great if you were 
redirected to the model of phone, not just the brand page. Another good feature could have been a search
engine to find phones directly. An improvement could be a new page for each phone, with more and bigger pictures.

CRITICAL EVALUATION

The webapp is pretty simply and you can't interact too much with it. 

PERSONAL EVALUATION

In this work I have learnt everything I know of python flask, html and css files. I have found 
some problems that I hope I will overcome in the next coursework. I should have used more generic 
templates, so that is faster to apply new changes and features. This is something I have to improve in next 
work. I looked on the internet for the problems I found when I was doing the desing.

SUMMARY OF RESOURCES

-Woorkbook
-http://www.tutorialhtml.net/
-http://www.desarrolloweb.com/articulos/barra-navegacion-horizontal-listas-css.html
